tell us how how long the deal took to
happen
oh the the into a deal took uh a little
more than a year to happen a year a year
from first aid yes okay and so what what
as much as you can tell us about I think
some of it's public but how did it
happen did you get a random email or a
DM or how did how does this process
happen for 12 billion how do they get
started we had been through sort of a
little bit of an informal round with
another couple of potential buyers yeah
and you know it it didn't end with a a
good deal so we walked away from it and
I was I had sworn I would never listen
to another offer again I was done with
it I was going to move on and just run
my company for the rest of my life and
then you know maybe within a couple of
days I got a call from Catalyst actually
I'd been working with them for many
years and they said just take one more
call you're gonna like this one oh it's
into it so I took a call with Alex Chris
uh my my new boss and uh I mean we hit
it off immediately he's a small business
entrepreneur uh he's been with Intuit
for 17 years by then but uh he had run a
business got Acquired and he knew the
passion required to manage small
business companies and he knew the pain
that they suffered from and he knew what
drove us at MailChimp and we just got
along really well but they are also a
very careful company they care about uh
culture fit and they did a lot of
culture diligence and uh that all which
I loved I love that they cared that much
and but but that did mean one year of uh
kind of wooing each other so you went
there's a couple interesting things in
this we could spend all the time on this
but you went through another deal that
didn't happen that took months and
months and months of detection yeah it
didn't happen which is so for us for
whatever reason it's so frustrating
right um and then another year to
complete this a full year to complete
this of getting to know each other right
yes and um and you didn't
um you you didn't actually usually I
find these relationships these come out
of a relationship right and you hear of
something but this wasn't a pre-existing
relationship not at all so you had to
build it after that initial initial
meeting lots and lots of Zoom calls
phone calls and text messages between
Alex I mean it was during it was during
like P craziness too right absolutely
was yeah is that better in some ways it
actually kind of helped me I'm a little
bit of an introvert and so uh not having
to meet him in person kind of helped in
the early days yeah uh so it was kind of
nice and you know I got to talk to
sassan uh the CEO and also the founder
Scott Cook who had given me some great
advice many years ago about how to
evolve MailChimp to the next level and
uh it was just kind of weird and full
circle for them to come back around and
think about acquiring us